Add a callout to update RuuviTag firmware (#25331)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ruuvitag_ble.markdown

The RuuviTag BLE integration will automatically discover devices once the [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) integration is enabled and functional.

> **Callout:** If RuuviTags are not discovered, [update to the latest firmware](https://ruuvi.com/software-update/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your RuuviTags are not discovered, please make sure to update them to [the latest firmware](https://ruuvi.com/software-update/).
```
